# test_cases.ckb2023.test_01_before_hardfork
## TestBeforeHardFork

    test cases before ckb2023
    
### test_rfc_0048_in_consensus

        Check if the consensus response  includes RFC 0048
        -  it includes.
        :return:
        
### test_rfc_0049_in_consensus

        Check if the consensus response  includes RFC 0049
        -  it includes.
        :return:
        
### test_0048_miner_with_0x0

        Before the fork, the miner's block version is 0x0.
        - block mining successful.
        :return:
        
### test_0048_miner_with_0x1

        Before the fork, the miner's block version is 0x1.
        - Return error : BlockVersionError
        :return:
        
### test_0049_transfer_to_data2_address

        Before the fork, send a transaction with type: data2.
        - return error : "the feature "VM Version 2" is used in current transaction
                            but not enabled in current chain"
        :return:
        
### test__0050_invoke_spawn_use_type

        Before the fork, send a transaction contains spawn , use  script:type invoke it.
        - return error: InvalidEcall(2101)
        :return:
        
### test_0049_transfer_tx_when_10th_block_before_fork

        send data2 Transactions  of the 10th block before the fork:
        - Sending data2 returns the transaction hash.
        - Querying the transaction status shows it as rejected or unknown."
        :return:
        
### test_send_transfer_tx_when_10th_block_before_fork

        send transfer Transactions  of the 10th block before the fork:
        - return hash
        - Within 10 blocks before and after the fork,
                the transaction status is queried as: unknown.
        - After waiting for +10 blocks after the fork,
                the transaction  can be committed on the blockchain.
        :return:
        
# test_cases.ckb2023.test_02_after_hardfork
## TestAfterHardFork
### test_0048_block_version_0x

        After the fork, the miner's block version is 0x0.
        - block mining successful.
        :return:
        
### test_0048_block_version_0x1

            After the fork, the miner's block version is 0x1.
            - block mining successful.
           :return:
        
### test_0048_block_version_0xffffff

            After the fork, the miner's block version is 0xffffff.
            - block mining successful.
           :return:
        
### test_0048_block_version_0x100000000

            After the fork, the miner's block version is 0x100000000.
           - error : number too large to fit
           :return:
        
### test_send_tx_when_after_0th_fork

            The first block sends a regular transaction.
            - return tx_hash
            - The transaction status is queried as unknown for the first ten blocks.
            - The transaction will be committed on the blockchain after ten blocks.
            :return:
        
### test_0049_send_data2_tx

        After a period of hard fork, a data2 transaction is sent.
        - return tx_hash
        - The transaction will be committed on the blockchain
        :return:
        
### test_0050_spawn_use_data2

            After a period of hard fork,send spawn tx by data2 .
            - return tx_hash
            - The transaction will be committed on the blockchain
        :return:
        
### test_0050_spawn_use_data1

        After a period of hard fork,send spawn tx by data1 .
            - return Error: InvalidEcall(2101)
        :return:
        
### test_0050_spawn_use_data

          After a period of hard fork,send spawn tx by data1 .
            - return Error: InvalidInstruction
        :return:
        
### test_0050_spawn_use_type

        After a period of hard fork,send spawn tx by data1 .
        - return tx_hash
        - The transaction will be committed on the blockchain
        :return:
        
